feat!: multiple buckets / providers support (#48) (#177)
camptocamp/terraboard: README.md

- [Terraform Cloud (remote)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/types/remote.html)
- [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/infrastructure/terraform_state.html)

> With the upcoming **v1.2.0** update, Terraboard will be now able to handle multiple buckets/providers configuration! 🥳

Reviewer: That's a nice addition. We'll just need to remember to remove it when we release 😄

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the upcoming **v2.0.0** update, Terraboard will be now able to handle multiple buckets/providers configuration! 🥳
```

Terraboard currently supports configuration in three different ways:

1. Environment variables **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**
2. CLI parameters **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**
3. Configuration file (YAML). A configuration file example can be found in the root directory of this repository and in the `test/` subdirectory.

> **Important: all flags/environment variables related to the providers settings aren't compatible with multi-provider configuration! For that, you must use the Yaml config file to be able to configure multiples buckets/providers.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important: all flags/environment variables related to the providers settings aren't compatible with multi-provider configuration! Instead, you must use the YAML config file to be able to configure multiples buckets/providers.**
```

The precedence of configurations is as described below.

### Multiple buckets/providers

> In order to be able to link to Terraboard multiples buckets or even providers, you must use the Yaml configuration method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Terraboard to import states from multiples buckets or even providers, you must use the YAML configuration method.
```

> - Set the environment variable **CONFIG_FILE** or the flag **-c** / **--config-file** to a valid Yaml config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the environment variable **CONFIG_FILE** or the flag **-c** / **--config-file** to point to a valid YAML config file.
```

> - In the Yaml file, specify your desired providers configuration. For example with two S3 buckets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the YAML file, specify your desired providers configuration. For example for two S3 buckets:
```

Reviewer: Don't we need to specify the no versioning and no locks options in this example since it uses minio?

```yaml
aws:
  - endpoint: http://minio:9000/
    region: eu-west-1
    s3:
      bucket: test-bucket
      force-path-style: true
      file-extension: 
        - .tfstate

  - endpoint: http://minio:9000/
    region: eu-west-1
    s3:
      bucket: test-bucket2
      force-path-style: true
      file-extension: 
        - .tfstate

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> In the case of AWS, don't forget to set **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID** and **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY** environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of AWS, don't forget to set the **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID** and **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY** environment variables.
```

That's it! Terraboard will now fetch these two buckets on DB refresh. You can also mix providers like AWS and Gitlab or anything else.

> You can find a ready-to-use docker example with two *MinIO* buckets in the `test/` sub-folder (just swipe the two terraboard services in the docker-compose file). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a ready-to-use Docker example with two *MinIO* buckets in the `test/` sub-folder (just swipe the two terraboard services in the docker-compose file). 
```

Reviewer: What do you mean by "swipe the services"?

Author: > What do you mean by "swipe the services"?

I added in the docker-compose of `/test`, a Terraboard container configured to use a YAML config file and two MinIO buckets.
However, I commented it in favor of the Terraboard lambda container to avoid having two applications simultaneously.

```yaml
services:
  terraboard-dev:
    build:
      context: ../
      dockerfile: ./Dockerfile
    environment:
      AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: root
      AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: mypassword
      AWS_BUCKET: test-bucket
      AWS_REGION: eu-west-1
      AWS_ENDPOINT: http://minio:9000/
      AWS_FORCE_PATH_STYLE: "true"
      TERRABOARD_LOG_LEVEL: debug
      TERRABOARD_NO_LOCKS: "true"
      TERRABOARD_NO_VERSIONING: "true"
      DB_PASSWORD: mypassword
      DB_SSLMODE: disable
      GODEBUG: netdns=go
    depends_on:
      db:
        condition: service_healthy
      minio:
        condition: service_started
    volumes:
      - ../static:/static:ro
    ports:
      - "8080:8080"

  # terraboard-dev-multi-providers:
  #   build:
  #     context: ../
  #     dockerfile: ./Dockerfile
  #   environment:
  #     AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: root
  #     AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: mypassword
  #     DB_SSLMODE: disable
  #     CONFIG_FILE: config/config.yml
  #     GODEBUG: netdns=go
  #   depends_on:
  #     db:
  #       condition: service_healthy
  #     minio:
  #       condition: service_started
  #   volumes:
  #     - ../static:/static:ro
  #     - ./config.yml:/config/config.yml:ro
  #   ports:
  #     - "8081:8080"
```

I'm not really happy with that, maybe we can split the test sub-folder into multiple config folders each with a docker-compose :thinking:

Reviewer: Ah, so you mean "swap" then, not "swipe" :-)

Author: Yes :laughing:

Author: Yes :laughing:

Terraboard currently supports configuration in three different ways:

> 1. Environment variables **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Environment variables **(only usable for single provider configuration)**
```

> 2. CLI parameters **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. CLI parameters **(only usable for single provider configuration)**
```

Terraboard currently supports configuration in three different ways:

1. Environment variables **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**
2. CLI parameters **(only usable for mono provider configuration)**
3. Configuration file (YAML). A configuration file example can be found in the root directory of this repository and in the `test/` subdirectory.

**Important: all flags/environment variables related to the providers settings aren't compatible with multi-provider configuration! Instead, you must use the YAML config file to be able to configure multiples buckets/providers.**

The precedence of configurations is as described below.

### Multiple buckets/providers

> In order for Terraboard to import states from multiples buckets or even providers, you must use the YAML configuration method.
> 
> - Set the environment variable **CONFIG_FILE** or the flag **-c** / **--config-file** to point to a valid YAML config file.
> 
> - In the YAML file, specify your desired providers configuration. For example with two MinIO buckets (using the AWS provider with compatible mode):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Terraboard to import states from multiples buckets or even providers, you must use the YAML configuration method:

- Set the `CONFIG_FILE` environment variable or the `-c`/`--config-file` flag to point to a valid YAML config file.
- In the YAML file, specify your desired providers configuration. For example with two MinIO buckets (using the AWS provider with compatible mode):
```

```yaml
# Needed since MinIO doesn't support versioning or locking
provider:
  no-locks: true
  no-versioning: true

aws:
  - endpoint: http://minio:9000/
    region: eu-west-1
    s3:
      bucket: test-bucket
      force-path-style: true
      file-extension: 
        - .tfstate

  - endpoint: http://minio:9000/
    region: eu-west-1
    s3:
      bucket: test-bucket2
      force-path-style: true
      file-extension: 
        - .tfstate
```

> In the case of AWS, don't forget to set the **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID** and **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY** environment variables.

Reviewer: I'd use tt instead of bold for code
```suggestion
In the case of AWS, don't forget to set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables.
```
